{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Oxford Open Digital Health <onbehalfof@manuscriptcentral.com>\
Subject: Oxford Open Digital Health - Manuscript ID OODH-2023-072\
Date: 1 December 2023 at 17:12:51 GMT-3\
To: beatriz.leao@hsl.org.br\
Reply-To: oxfdhe.editorialoffice@oup.com\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 01-Dec-2023 Dear Dr. Leao, Your manuscript entitled "The Brazilian International Patient Summary Initiative" has been successfully submitted online and is presently being given full consideration for publication in Oxford Open Digital Health. Your manuscript ID is OODH-2023-072. Please mention the above manuscript ID in all future correspondence or when calling the office for questions. If there are any changes in your street address or e-mail address, please log in to ScholarOne Manuscripts at https://mc.manuscriptcentral.com/oodh and edit your user information as appropriate. You can also view the status of your manuscript at any time by checking your Author Centre after logging in to https://mc.manuscriptcentral.com/oodh. Thank you for submitting your manuscript to the Oxford Open Digital Health. Sincerely, Oxford Open Digital Health Editorial Office Our Privacy Policy sets out how Oxford University Press handles your personal information, and your rights to object to your personal information being processed as part of our business activities. This policy also explains generally how we receive information about you: https://global.oup.com/privacy?cc=gb }